if you purchased the honeywell enjoyed
mobile internet device you can control
your security system from anywhere in
your home
be sure you have your links touched
fifty one hundred with the wifi option
already connected to your wireless
network
before you began make sure you know the
name of your wireless network as well as
your routers password
to connect the tablets your wireless
network to the following
from the tablets home screen select the
settings icon
select their wireless and networks tab
select out wifi setting stamp
select the wifi tent to enable wifi
access
of green check mark should appear
you should now see a list of available
wireless networks
for this example select the belkin
network
you will be prompted for a password
selected text entry window
a keyboard screen will appear
enter the password that you use for your
wireless network
selected dont icon
select the connect icon
you should now see that your wifi
network is connected
select the home but in anya tablet
now you can bring your tap into where
your links touch fifty one hundred is
installed
select that l fifty one hundred connect
icon
select the agree checkbox
the tablet will start searching for the
l fifty one hundred
now you will pair the tablet to your
system
from the l fifty one hundred's home
screen select them more icon
selector tools icon
pinching a master user code this code is
given to you by your dealer select that
keep at icon
in a moment you should see the keypad
listed
i a tablet you should now see the
security screen
now you can control the system anywhere
in your home using the tablet